README.md, before:

make-activity
=============

Hello! 

Welcome to my 9th homework assignment. For this assignment I completed the following parts: 

1) Add one R script. ([first_letter.r](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC-students/hw09-katiezinn/blob/master/first_letter.r)) :heavy_check_mark:
2) Add one Rmd script. ([report2.rmd](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC-students/hw09-katiezinn/blob/master/report2.Rmd)) :heavy_check_mark:
3) Add them to the make pipeline by modifying the Makefile.([Makefile](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC-students/hw09-katiezinn/blob/master/Makefile)) :heavy_check_mark:
4) Each file should have some output. (.html, .png, .tsv) :heavy_check_mark:
5) Your additions need to be tied to the existing pipeline. :heavy_check_mark:
6) Your additions should correspond to some analysis. :heavy_check_mark:
7) Be deliberate with your dependencies, output, and instructions in your Makefile. :heavy_check_mark:
8) Running make all should result in having all output present in your repo. :heavy_check_mark:
9) Running make clean should remove all output. :heavy_check_mark:
10) There shouldn’t be any useless output, such as an Rplots.pdf file. :heavy_check_mark:

**I would like to note** that this respository was initially seeded with [this](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC/make-activity) activity. I added to it to meet requirements for the [STAT 547](http://stat545.com/Classroom/assignments/hw09/hw09.html) course at UBC. The original activity for the original file can be found [here](http://stat545-ubc.github.io/automation04_make-activity.html).

Commit message:

readme update -- added what filed I added to this repository

README.md, after:

make-activity
=============

Hello! 

Welcome to my 9th homework assignment. For this assignment I completed the following parts: 

1) Add one R script. ([first_letter.r](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC-students/hw09-katiezinn/blob/master/first_letter.r)) :heavy_check_mark:
2) Add one Rmd script. ([report2.rmd](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC-students/hw09-katiezinn/blob/master/report2.Rmd)) :heavy_check_mark:
3) Add them to the make pipeline by modifying the Makefile.([Makefile](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC-students/hw09-katiezinn/blob/master/Makefile)) :heavy_check_mark:
4) Each file should have some output. (.html, .png, .tsv) :heavy_check_mark:
5) Your additions need to be tied to the existing pipeline. :heavy_check_mark:
6) Your additions should correspond to some analysis. :heavy_check_mark:
7) Be deliberate with your dependencies, output, and instructions in your Makefile. :heavy_check_mark:
8) Running make all should result in having all output present in your repo. :heavy_check_mark:
9) Running make clean should remove all output. :heavy_check_mark:
10) There shouldn’t be any useless output, such as an Rplots.pdf file. :heavy_check_mark:

The files that I added to or changed in this repository include Makefile, README.md, report2.rmd, first_letter.r, first_letter.tsv, first_letter.png, report2.html, and report2.md

**I would like to note** that this respository was initially seeded with [this](https://github.com/STAT545-UBC/make-activity) activity. I added to it to meet requirements for the [STAT 547](http://stat545.com/Classroom/assignments/hw09/hw09.html) course at UBC. The original activity for the original file can be found [here](http://stat545-ubc.github.io/automation04_make-activity.html).
